Description: User management in Linux involves a few key commands for adding, modifying, and managing users and groups. Here's an overview of the most commonly used commands:

 1. Adding Users

	Action: adduser or useradd
		1) adduser: A higher-level command that is more user-friendly. It typically prompts for additional information.
		2) useradd: A lower-level command that adds a user without any prompts.

	Example1: using adduser:
	Command: sudo adduser username

	Example2: using useradd:
	Command: sudo useradd -m username

 	The -m option creates a home directory for the user.

 2. Deleting Users

	Action: deluser or userdel
	1) deluser: A higher-level command that may also remove the user’s home directory and files.
	2) userdel: A lower-level command that deletes a user account.

	Example using deluser:
	Command: sudo deluser username

	Example using userdel:
	Command: sudo userdel username

	Action: To also remove the user's home directory:
	Command: sudo userdel -r username

	Note: The -r option removes the user's home directory and mail spool.

 3. Modifying Users

	1) usermod
	Description: This command modifies user account details, such as adding a user to a group or changing the user's home directory.

	Example: Change the user’s home directory
    Command: sudo usermod -d /new/home/directory username

	Example: add a user to a group
	Command: sudo usermod -aG groupname username

	Note: The -aG option appends the user to the specified group.

 4. Adding Groups

	Action:  addgroup or groupadd
	1) addgroup: A higher-level command for adding groups.
	2) groupadd: A lower-level command that adds a group without prompts.

	Example1: using addgroup
	Command: sudo addgroup groupname

	Example2: using groupadd
	Command: sudo groupadd groupname


 5. Deleting Groups

	Action: delgroup or groupdel
	1) delgroup: A higher-level command for deleting groups.
	2) groupdel: A lower-level command that deletes a group.

	Example using delgroup:
	Command: sudo delgroup groupname

	Example using groupdel:
	Command: sudo groupdel groupname

 6. Viewing Users and Groups
	 Command: cat /etc/passwd

	 Note: This command displays a list of users on the system along with their details.

	 Command: cat /etc/passwd
	 Command: cat /etc/group
	 
	 Note: This command shows the groups and their members.
	 Command: cat /etc/group

 7. Changing Passwords
	 passwd: This command is used to change a user’s password.

	 Example:
	 Command: sudo passwd username

 Summary
	1) Adding Users: adduser or useradd
	2) Deleting Users: deluser or userdel
	3) Modifying Users: usermod
	4) Adding Groups: addgroup or groupadd
	5) Deleting Groups: delgroup or groupdel
	6) Viewing Users and Groups: cat /etc/passwd and cat /etc/group
	7) Changing Passwords: passwd

Note: These commands help you manage user accounts and groups effectively in a Linux environment!